0.  Supported colors by file format:
    -- BMP supports colors from monochrome to 32-bit colors
    -- GIF supports 256 colors 
    -- JPEG supports 24-bit colors
    -- PNG supports 24- or 32-bit colors

1.  The GIF is the only file format in this group that supports animation.

2.  Lossy compression is an encoding scheme that discards data each time
	the data is compressed. Lossless compression does not discard data.
	
3.  JPEG is a lossy compression format. BMP is either lossy 
	or lossless.

4.  When a file is deleted from a FAT file system, the operating system
	places a special mark at the beginning of the file name, signaling 
	that the file can be used for a different purpose. Then, the data
	storage space for that file is added to the list of free space located
	on the storage medium. The actual data of the file does not interact
	with the operating system.

5.  You can destroy the disk drive, or you can apply overwriting to 
	the disk, writing meaningless data over the data you want to sanitize.

6.  The C header file stdint.h further defines intergers as a data type.
	This includes the definitions of constants and limits for integers.
	These definitions are needed to help developers more control over how
	ints are defined in their programs, and increases portability.

7.  Using such data types as uint8_t, uint16_t, and the others, allow the programs
	that uses those data types to define how many bytes are in the data type.

8.  In a 32-bit architecure:
	-- a BYTE is one byte long
	-- a DWORD is four bytes long
	-- a LONG is four bytes long
	-- a WORD is two bytes long

9.  The first two bytes in a BMP must be the ASCII characters 'B' and 'M'

10. The bfSize refers to the number of bytes in the file, including the headers. 
	The biSize refers to the number of bytes in the bitmap, not including
	the headers.

11. A negative biHeight means that the BMP file's first pixel is rendered
	in the upper left-hand corner of the image.

12. The biBitCount field in BITMAPINFOHEADER contains the color depth.

13. The function fopen may return NULL if it was unable to open a file, or
	if some other error occured.

14. The CS50 code always uses 1 as the third argument in the fread function
	because the code needs to read each bit in the file to copy a chunk of
	data into memory. If the third argument	where more than 1, then more bits
	than necessary would to read to memory.
	
15. Given an input of biWidth of 3, the program logic in copy.c:70 would
	assign the variable padding a value of 1, to make it 4, which is 
	divisible by 4.
	
16. The function fseek takes a FILE pointer, and positions that pointer
	in the file. That position is defined by two parameters: the first is
	the number of bytes to move, and the second is either the start of
	the file, the end of the file, and the pointer's current position.
	
17. The value of SEEK_CUR in fseek is the FILE pointer's current position
	in the file.
	
18. Mila Banana dun it.

